# informetrics
Supporting a course on informetrics at the University of Pittsburgh. The aim of the course is to provide an introduction to informetrics and its subsidiary disciplines, altmetrics, bibliometrics, scientometrics, and webometrics, through a review of key concepts, measurements, and methods. (The perspective from which the course has been developed rests on the notion that informetrics is effectively a sum of various parts, predicated mainly on the disciplines mentioned above and also incorporating ideas and methods from computing in general, and informatics in particular. (Informatics is the science of computer information systems. As an academic field it involves the practice of information processing, and the engineering of information systems. It studies the structure, algorithms, behaviour, and interactions of natural and artificial systems which store, process, access, and communicate information. The field considers the interaction between humans and information systems alongside the construction of computer interfaces. It also develops its own conceptual and theoretical foundations and utilizes foundations developed in other fields. As such, the field of informatics has great breadth and encompasses many individual specializations including the more particular discipline of computing science.)

The course also focuses to a significant extent on developing the knowledge and skills necessary to carry out investigations of the type that characterize research in informetrics and allied areas of research.
